28 finalize the installation guide documentation (#29)
rprat-pro/mm-opera-hpc: README.md

spack load mfem-mgis
```

Create a build directory, configure the project with CMake, build it, and install.

```
git clone https://github.com/rprat-pro/mm-opera-hpc.git
cd mm-opera-hpc/
mkdir build && cd build
spack load tfel
cmake .. -DCMAKE_PREFIX_PATH=`spack location -i tfel`/share/tfel/cmake -DCMAKE_INSTALL_PREFIX=../install
make -j 4
ctest
```

For more details on installing mfem-mgis, particularly for installing mfem-mgis without spack (cmake, not recommended) or without the internet, please visit: https://thelfer.github.io/mfem-mgis/installation_guide/installation_guide.html

## Bubble Case 

The default example is the rupture of a spherical, pressurized inclusion (e.g., a gas bubble) in an elastic infinite medium.

The criterium to determine the rupture or not is based on a simple geometrical assumption, i.e., if a certain distance $d_min$ is found between the position of the center of the sphere and the location of the maximum principal stress caused by the pressure exerted by the bubble on the surrounding matrix.

![Bubble Case](/img/bubble/bubbles.png)

More details in bubble/ReadMe.md

## Polycrystal Case

> This test case illustrates the simulation of a Representative Volume Element (`RVE`) of a polycrystal made of uranium dioxide (`UO₂`). The objective is to study the mechanical response of the material under an uniaxial loading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This test case illustrates the simulation of a Representative Volume Element (`RVE`) of a polycrystal made of uranium dioxide (`UO₂`). The objective is to study the mechanical response of the material under a macroscopic uniaxial loading.
```

> In addition to the mechanical analysis, this example demonstrates how to set up a fixed-point algorithm to handle the nonlinearities associated with crystalline plasticity at the grain scale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the mechanical analysis, this example demonstrates how to set up a fixed-point algorithm to converge toward a macroscopic uniaxial tensile state.
```

![Polycristal Case](img/polycrystal/polycrystal.png)

More details in polycrystal/README.md

## Cermet Case

This example illustrates the simulation of a UO₂ polycrystalline microstructure with viscoplastic behaviour and metallic interfaces at the grain boundaries (CERMET).

> In addition to the mechanical analysis, this example demonstrates how to set up a fixed-point algorithm to handle the nonlinearities associated with crystalline plasticity at the grain scale.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the mechanical analysis, this example demonstrates how to set up a fixed-point algorithm to converge toward a macroscopic uniaxial tensile state.
```
